# Exploratory-Data-Analysis-of-Wind-Turbine-Performance

Introduction: 
As the world looks to reduce CO2 emissions and combat global warming, renewable 
sources are being turned to as alternatives to the burning of fossil fuels to provide energy. One 
major challenge in environmental engineering is that different regions require different renewable 
energy platforms depending on their weather and climate. One such promising technology in areas 
that can support it is wind energy, which, as may be expected, requires a lot of wind on a regular 
basis. The underpinning of wind energy technology is the use of wind turbines to convert the 
kinetic energy of wind to electrical energy via a generator.
Data is constantly collected from wind turbines and used to improve their capabilities. One 
such data set is provided here and consists of real measurements taken from a single wind turbine 
in Turkey over the course of a year.


Discipline Specific Information: 

The data set contains the following information: 
 

Date/Time:                     Date and time each measurement was taken. Measurements were taken in 10 minute intervals. 
Wind Speed (m/s):               The wind speed at the hub height of the turbine (units of meters per second). 
Wind Direction (°):             The  wind  direction  at  the  hub  height  of  the  turbine  (units  of degrees). 
LVActivePower (kW):            The actual power generated by the turbine at the specified point in time under the given conditions (units of kilowatts). 
Theoretical_Power_Curve (KWh): The theoretical power the wind turbine should generate under the given conditions at each point in time (units of kilowatt hours). 
